Validation: Fix missing descriptions (#1470)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/wpf/controls/tooltip-overview.md

---
title: "ToolTip Overview"

> description: Overview introducing the tooltip and how to create and customize tooltip content in Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Overview that introduces how to create and customize tooltip content in Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF) applications.
```
